It's not in the newspaper, simply.
So you see, I want to explain a trick.
Is that now, even in the West, you have humans who have boyfriend, girlfriend.
Like they test the material before deciding whether to marry.
So they think it is chastity, because I love this boy, I want to marry him.
So if I sleep with him before marriage, it's okay, because he's going to be my husband.
So there is a spiritual trick which is missed.
Because, you see, when such marriage is blessed by the diva.
So if you have sex before and marriage after, you don't have the full combination for the full blast.
You will have sex, you may be happy, but you will not know what you miss.
So if you have sex before and marriage after, you will not know what you miss.
Do you think that you will be able to achieve the fullness of marriage?
No, it's about the depth of the union that you will be able to achieve.
See, if you discover everything together, you are married, you are blessed,
and then you have the normal dharmic behavior in marriage, which includes sex,
because it's the only place where it is dharmic, then it is good.
When you discover that after marriage, then you get the blessings.
Now, what are the blessings?
You see, it's not just that you are going to have better sex, I'm not speaking about that.
It's that, you see, a marriage which works is a marriage where each day you give energy to each other.
A marriage which does not work is a marriage where each day you suck energy from the other.
Last time I gave you the example of the sea and the earth, do you remember?
Do you remember? No?
I said, okay, I said, okay, you see the sea, right? You're on the beach.
And you see the sun, and there is one wave, and there is another wave, and it's always the same.
You are not bored.
You can look at one wave at another wave and you can use it as your joy, it's not boring.
So, you see, a such marriage is like the sea and the earth.
Like man is the ocean and woman is the earth.
And there is this rapport and it's repetitive that it's never boring.
Although it is every day the same, like one wave after the other wave, it is not boring.
You wake up in the morning after 40 years of marriage and you look at your wife and you are so happy that she is here.
And vice versa. Because vice versa is to work.
Now, how are you going to achieve this? You can't. You can't achieve it. Translate.
It is a blessing. It is a blessing.
And so, if we want the blessings of Sri Ganesha, we need to understand it.
Yes, sir?
Shri Mataji said that we can marriage with no sahaja yogis. What about this situation?
You can. You can.
And what about blessings within you? What's the difference between sahaja marriage and between marriage with no sahaja?
What is not allowed in sahaja is that if you meet a girl here, there is no her. And vice versa.
Because you meet the brother and sister relationship and the man and man relationship.
Yes, sir. That's very good. Andres said that he is going to marry a non-yogi and he will marry a non-yogi. That's very good.
He is not allowed to marry a non-yogi. This is not the right thing.
If you marry a non-yogi, I give you the reason why it is okay and why the sahaja marriage is better. I give you the reason.
I have a question. I think that we have to have a very good relationship with the sahaja marriage.
If you have a sahaja marriage, you have the same understanding of the value of spirituality in your life. So if you evolve spiritually, you can share this.
If you marry outside of sahaja, it can work like this. But it's a risk because you don't know. Right?
So that's a big difference. And you see, mother wants people to be happy. So there are many more girls than men, many collectivities.
So if the girl can only marry a yogi, many girls will not be married.
So you can find your husband outside of sahaja. And if you do it with the right attitude, somehow it works.
You don't behave like a she-woman. But if you do it with some dignity and you find somebody, you are going to be blessed equally because the Divine understands everything.
I want to explain another little bit. Chastity is for the man and the woman. It's not only for the woman. By the way, we are not wrestling with it.
If a woman arrives, she is to her marriage and she has not slept with her husband before marriage, then you can say a womb is like a protected house.
Now, when you get a child, how do you know or how can you know who is the child coming in your womb?
When you get pregnant, maybe you get a child who will make you happy, maybe you will get a child who will make you very unhappy.
Who makes a difference? Who?
Who is the one who does the traffic control? Who goes to this mother, who goes to this mother? Someone is doing the traffic control.
So, if you have a nice house, protected, clean, you will give the best child.
It's not relevant to tell me, but I would also ask as men, please, what do you do if you do fall in love, within your connection with someone and you are fighting it? Anything ticked for that?
No, but not, because it happens.
She said, the fire who cooks your food can also burn your heart.
When you are young, falling in love is very powerful.
The first time I fell in love I was 16. I could not eat, I could not drink, I couldn't sleep.
It was in Germany. Then I went to a place in the lake. Very romantic. And the girl wanted me to kiss her. You know what I did? I was too shy to kiss her.
So I put my raincoat over her head. And I kissed her through the raincoat. And then I told her it was a French trick.
So, you know, it's a very powerful energy, so you need to control it.
Don't let yourself fall in love. Because if you watch, you know when it's happening. And you can stop it. If you let yourself fall in love, then it will be difficult to take it back and then you will be in contradiction with yourself.
Because if you let yourself fall in love, then you will be in contradiction with yourself. And you will be in contradiction with yourself.
It's not your first life. You have fallen in love thousands of times. You have thousands of children.
So in this lifetime, little change. Become your own master. And then from there you will master the thing.
Okay, please. I want to say what he says is true. Because he played a certain role in my marriage.
And if he tells you this, I can tell you now, many years after, it is true.
Because on the first of April 1981, you were not born then. On the first of April 1981. I was surfing, windsurfing. And when I came to the bank, I just looked at the pair of shoes.
And when I looked up, I saw the most beautiful thing I have ever seen in a girl.
It was not the first time. At some point we came together and we saw a few of them.
And it's so happy that I was very well. I was the one who took care of Oscar at that time.
And our relationship was something that we should not have in such a way.
So he advised us, either you marry or you split.
And he took conjugance with me. Now we take a leave of another 3 or 4 years, maybe 5 years.
Many things happened in the same. And at that time, Shunalaji didn't know the name of it. All the yogis because they were too many.
But what happened, I was on the marriage list, she was lost.
And although I would have liked her to be on the list, she was lost. I would have liked her to be on the list, but she was not.
So I went to India. And there was an announcement of marriage.
And I was announced to some Indian girl with a very dark picture which I couldn't make out.
And she met her and said, do you like her? Do you marry? I said ok.
So the wedding of Subkhanapati Puri came closer, the girl didn't show up.
And this girlfriend from then, her name is Sabina. But she was not in India.
So one day before the wedding, Shrimadaji calls me on stage.
And she says, you know this girl from India doesn't work out, she's a bit too small.
But what about this Sabine from Austria? At that time she didn't know our names.
This erection was very strong.
But then people told me, Shrimadaji, she's not here.
She said, bring her here.
Then Shrimadaji came and said, bring her here.
And what came out, she had arrived about 10 minutes before all that happened in Anamatiki.
So they brought her to the stage.
The rest is a long, long marriage. We had our ups and downs as you had in your marriage.
But whenever you have a down, you know that you went for the beauty.
And there are three beautiful children or grown-ups now like you, maybe even older.
And I have four grandchildren.
Right.
Okay.
You can do what you want. You are so free.
Try to benefit from our experience.
I have a question.
You said about transformation.
Yes.
As I understand, when we have problems, we should walk inside and everything will be okay.
No. You go inside, you will be okay.
First week.
Perhaps everything will be okay, secondly. But not always.
Yes.
And maybe many yoga and yoga too don't feel when they have transformation.
So they think that they have it but they don't.
But they don't.
Yes. It's a very, very good question. It's a good question.
You can make the difference through introspection.
In the beginning, Sahaja Yogi think that they are Sahaja Yogi.
Because they got the certificate.
You got your realization, you are Sahaja Yogi.
But then you have to become what is written on the certificate.
Okay. And introspection is if you are honest with yourself.
Can you feel total awareness?
Okay. So when you are in total awareness, you are connected.
How much total awareness do you need a day?
So this is what we need to do.
The solution is always try to go into total awareness.
When you are seeking that from, when you walk in the street, you know, just try to go into total awareness.
Can I ask you? How long during the day you are in this request for awareness?
What did she say?
What was her answer?
Yes.
No, she said, right? That was your answer.
Yes. My answer is the same.
My answer is the same.
You know how. For me it's the way when I introspect, it's how much do I react.
Somebody tells me something I don't like, how much do I react.
Can I keep smiling in my head? Not swallowing it. Not swallowing it down.
But how much am I able to just be completely without reaction?
That's my...
Improspection. With introspection you can find it.
That's why I'm saying maybe I'm more experienced inside.
But if I'm honest with myself, these are the criteria I need. Am I reacting or not?
Someone is saying a lie and someone say I am a thief and I am not a thief. Am I upset?
If I am upset I may not be a thief. You see?
It's things like that in life. So you look at yourself.
Or you can even say how long are you upset?
Or how long is I a thief?
Or you can ask for how long time have I been a thief?
This is the sort of thing.
And also the thought process.
Am I thinking all the time?
And when I say now stop, I want to stop thinking, still two minutes later the thought.
This is where you will judge yourself.
But without selfishness.
But it is from this point of view that I'm saying that we are still students.
I am a student of sandwich before you.
That's all. I'm not a fool.
Because on those things I feel for myself that I still do include.
Because the standards are very high.
So even though we are in a pretty good shape, it's not enough.
The standards are.
I think you need to say something nice because I'm scaring them.
I'm coming back.
We were talking about the criteria.
I was going to trust back.
So this is about the worst thing.
Then the notice of God I'm reacting.
You know what I wanted to say?
Just a short story because Wolfgang's story was linked with Sabina.
I had actually a very similar, very happy primary introduction where also Greg and I introduced me to my wife.
It was just a regular wedding in India.
And she might have said I have a wife for you.
And I met her, it's very short, I met her.
And it was the girl, kind of the teacher, brown hair.
Who I always liked a lot, you know, as a teenager before.
So I fell in love really first sight.
I saw her.
So these things they do happen.
It's the same thing.
Just wanted to share that because it's really to trust.
To trust.
It's not a tapasya you get someone and then maybe hopefully Louis is good looking and this and that.
But in many cases it works very well.
In many cases it works very well.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
So we have actually some, you guys have some presentations about that after Shomar did you laugh.
And we know that there is a comedy like marriage comedy.
And we kind of know this mechanism but we still have some presentations about the level of those yogis.
Is it like appropriate enough?
Are kind of chances to get not a tapasya high?
Because, yeah, we do have participation.
And it is special rules in terms of age and the stuff that is not a movie.
And there are special criteria for choosing a follow up.
Indeed there is a marriage committee which is working at the moment.
And the marriage committee consists of honorable yogis.
It was really checked. Honorable yogis from all over the world.
So the marriage committee is a very special one.
It is a very special one that is very important to us.
We are very happy to have you here.
It used to be for two or three years that it was not satisfactory the way people were.
Like the marriage committee itself was not satisfactory because it was by chance to.
What we see now, I mean every year is getting better.
We had divorces also mentioned other generic people.
And the reason is because of actual reaction.
And why did you say that and react to the three brachas?
Nothing ever will save you in a marriage if you don't see the good things in the other ones but see the best ones.
I don't think that the brachas are able to give you a partner and give you a couple of hours.
And also she made it that sometimes she was really upset that people wanted to divorce.
How to make sure she doesn't divorce?
No, I don't think so.
What would make sense if you once listened to the people who are in the marriage committee, how they match people?
So they are eager to meet you?
And also in Kabela they always give the chance to meet everybody.
But what I know is that the process itself takes a long time.
And they really, they had so many selection processes.
First of all the common sense elements but also the vibrational elements.
Many, many different phases.
And what they do not do is if somebody doesn't have a match because it's never really cool then the person doesn't get a match.
And how do you know that you are not married?
It happened to my eldest daughter.
And how long does it take to be married?
She is a Sahaja Yogini since she was born.
And she was 25 years old and she really wanted to be on the list and she thought it was a good thing and she prepared herself.
And the whole traffic lights were on green for marriage.
And then she didn't get a match.
And she was really, really on the ground.
So next year she puts her name again.
And she got the love of her life.
And he was not on the list last year.
So that's why she couldn't get a match.
Her husband was not there.
So when you are on the list you don't get a match because it's for a reason.
Which is good for you.
Because you want to be matched with the person who is your husband and wife.
Especially this year we had so many glamorous marriages.
So many love at first sight marriages.
And also you always had the freedom to say better not.
But we surely get the best results when you say, okay, humanity, I know, I know you.
When you say that you are not your husband, you say that you are your wife, you say that you are your wife.
And then you will get.
And if I would add to that, at the moment, because we all know how difficult it is to say yes to the list.
And in this moment when you really surrender, like you said, it is a very big punya, as they say. It is very auspicious.
Because you can see it from the other side, it is an opportunity to really demonstrate surrender.
It is not always an opportunity there.
And all along, you know, once that has been done, even if the marriage is not working out so well, the moment you surrender, you know, it is so auspicious.
It is such a diamond in your life, you can say, you know, that even if it works out anyway, but even if it doesn't, it is a wonderful thing to have with you.
And this is the moment when you say that you are not your husband, you are your wife.
Because you are not your husband, you are your wife, you are your husband.
And this is the moment when you say that you are your husband, you are your wife.
But this is Sahaja Yogi, this is something no one can understand, you cannot say to anyone else, it is just because we are Sahaja Yogis.
I think it is really the criteria which makes us selective, which is sometimes focused on short term results.
So we want immediately to be wah-wah-wah since that is the bathroom.
Even science finds out that this wah-wah-wah feeling lasts for a while.
And then it is replaced by something else.
And if there is not something else, you don't have anything.
And the something else is if you really fit together, if all the little, little details fit together, then you have to come.
And this is what I wish all of you and kids will definitely learn.
A bit patience is needed.
You know that if I may add something else, do never underestimate how much we all the yogis want your appreciation needed also.
Like as you mentioned, it is a natural thing that you will say, ok we leave the adults out and we want to do our own thing, which is fine.
But at some point to come back a little bit is very nice for us also.
We have talked a little bit about the movement.
And we truly have to take care of ourapper.
If you have something to tell us more, we can listen.
You come in the back.
You stand in the back.
And now evolution moves from material to spiritual.
So the one who is spiritually the fittest is going to be on top of evolution.
So you have a big advantage in this race over the others.
Because you are ahead of them.
So don't go back just for the sake of being with them.
It's a little bit lonely on the top.
On the top of a mountain.
But the view is very nice.
But we are not lonely in the mountain.
You are not lonely as long as you are with yourself.
He is Confucile. He knows mountain tops.
He knows mountains tops.
Mountains have nice language.
You know, yesterday when I spoke about Russia and Ukraine,
I said that if you can manage your role here, you could help opening the aperture.
I think that the Chinese yogi are very good at opening the door of the left side.
You know, like the Chinese yogi, they help opening the door of the left side.
Open the left side of the door.
You can help opening the right side of the door.
And you can do that.
You will have your names on the street in 200 years.
And people will bring garlands to your grandchildren.
So have a sense of perspective.
You can help opening the door of the left side of the door.
You can help opening the door of the right side.
I'm quite surprised because I think that what I said is true.
We also sort about this in the silence moment.
So now you can walk in Kiev and you can say, okay, this place I want my name.
It all works above the idea.
Any questions?
Also please, boys, don't go on aggression.
And girls, you know less to say.
You can have it on your telephone.
At least in our crazy country, maybe not here.
Don't go there.
For a simple reason.
It's very easy if I drop ink.
It's very easy to drop ink on this sweater.
To clean the sweater is difficult.
So keep your life simple.
And if you do it, don't feel guilty.
Just use your willpower.
So here your freedom.
Freedom from ignorance.
Freedom from addiction.
Freedom from what binds your spiritual evolution.
I have a question.
What about astrology?
She was not respected.
Yes, she did, but also, she said also, she respected astrology,
but she said also that the realized soul can go beyond the strength of the science.
You understand?
If you realize the stars lose their influence.
But still, it is part of the game.
Why are we important?
Because if you want to know about astrology, it's because you want to know.
But if you're on the top, you know.
So you don't need astrology.
You have very nice vibration.
You think that we give you vibration, right?
You think that?
We think that you give us vibration.
I didn't think that.
You're welcome.
This is collective.
This is the Kalkin donation.
Before, it wasn't like that.
I think we were very wrong.
Okay. The parrot.
I said Shri Kalki is a horse and a parrot.
So I explained the horse.
Why the parrot?
And so I asked him.
Parrot doesn't stand.
Parrot is the one he rides?
No, parrot is a bird.
It's the parrot which spins.
Because he has a parrot.
So I asked him, I said, I understand the horse, but why the parrot?
And she responded?
Because he wants to communicate that he can't.
Because she said everything that was to be said.
And then she was silent for ten years.
So this is because now the Divine did everything that it could to help us and now it's up to us to grow.
She stopped talking.
Because she said what we needed to hear.
One of the first movies, first marriages in the yoga, they have the children whose age they are ready for marriages and maybe they already have a children.
So I think this children is the purest one.
So the children of the children who come in scratch to manage.
Is it they already come or it's like this year?
Yes, they came already.
Already.
Do you know them?
What age are these children?
Two, three, four, five.
These great children for example.
That's why he smiles.
Your children have a marriage with also second children.
I think there is this children will be something outside of another.
Look at this place.
He is naughty.
They need to be protected.
They can be born only in real life family.
Also they absorb a lot from school.
For everybody it's like a washing machine all the time.
Things and things and things.
They want to be your grandchild.
Maybe I will be their grandchild.
I think it's a good thing.
So the question was really we have a question on the quality of medication.
So the things that we have.
I was going to say that we are taking trade.
We have no question.
We want to take a drug.
We just take a drug.
We just do better.
However, what we taste here is that we may have like big, big, beautiful medication.
And still medication is not the thing.
So can we treat it with medication only in small bit?
Is it kind of more effective than to meditate more?
Because we are losing that in a large collective while being discovered.
It's quite possible.
But here the answer is try.
Try what works.
Because there is not one answer.
You need to try.
You need to meditate in small group, meditate in large group.
See what works.
You keep your child.
You are like before a landscape.
You cannot ask me how do I navigate in the landscape because it's your landscape.
You will find.
It's experimental.
But yes, you can have this situation where if there are a couple of negative people,
if you have two or three people from a fake guru or two or three people who really have bad vibration,
you can spoil and eat it.
You can.
It's nice that we failed now.
Remember?
You remember?
This one you remember?
Yes?
Or is the other one you would say?
Over there.
Do you remember?
You?
Yes?
Do you remember the silence?
You failed the silence?
She's not sure?
She's asking why then?
Why?
If she was silent all the time, that's even better.
That's even better.
But you know just have faith in yourself.
Let's have faith in yourself.
What I find out sometimes in meditating in big groups, in the big group,
it's about how the channel has different.
In a big group, the attention goes off is much worse than in a smaller group sometimes.
Because in a smaller group, if three or four people keep their attention, you can still have a better try.
But in a bigger group, or for a certain percentage of people, the attention goes off somewhere.
And that can have many reasons.
And it's much more difficult.
I think that the question is more about the collective.
Because collective means that we have to be more conscious,
and we have to be more conscious.
But if collective means that we have to be more conscious,
that's the question.
So when you find out that you can't do it, maybe it's also a way to find out what do we prefer,
and what kind of how do we want to have communication or people to be showing more of the people.
I think that we have to be more conscious.
Maybe you have discussions on how do you want to have communication in order to experience more of the traffic concerns.
But how would you do your limitations?
You are not Cuba. The question was for the U.S.
You have a question for the U.S. What do you do?
I think that the question is more about the collective.
It's actually very nice because you start relaxing.
Because what really happens inside, it's not as we do.
If I do this in the back of somebody, what do I do? I move my hand.
And then a lot of things are happening on the stage.
We need to enjoy the show. We need to enjoy the leader.
We need to move, be curious. We should relax because that power is going to work out a little.
We need to be curious because that power is going to work out a little.
Because we, he and me, in our life, we're stressed because of such a yoga.
Because we want to give more realization because we think people should grow faster, because we think yogis should not fight.
That if I am frustrated, I don't help anybody and I don't help myself.
So you know it's a balance between being dynamic and relaxed. This is the balance of life. Being at the same time dynamic and relaxed.
There is one minute to four o'clock so we can have a last question.
Are you like Ukraine? Are you like Ukraine?
Do you like me?
A little.
He wants the vibrations to answer.
I met you first time in Kabbalah and you just picked me up in Rome and you told me your story when you were first time in Ukraine.
Can you tell the story to all viewers because I heard it but I wanted to tell you the story to all viewers.
You told me when you started with Shmachi Vaki.
Oh, why?
Well it's not a big story but just I was here and in the morning we were supposed to go all together to the airport and when I woke up everybody was gone.
I was alone in my hotel room.
Today in the city of K dipped .
Maybe she just felt the desire to be in Ukraine.
See the other thing that maybe just to add one thing, you see, here people are naive
about the West.
Because you know what doesn't work in your part of the world.
And you think that in our part of the world things are better.
It's true we are better economically.
Maybe infrastructures are better.
Maybe there is more freedom.
But in our countries the family is destroyed.
So when the family is destroyed it becomes a vicious circle.
Because the children of destroyed families are worse.
And the children of those children are worse.
And now we really, you know, it is a very serious situation.
So maybe also in your vision, you know, have a vision for Ukraine.
Don't have this vision that the future of Ukraine is to be like the Western country.
No.
Your food is still healthy here, I hope.
You know, the food in our place, people get cancer left, right, left, right.
Because we are poisoned by our food, we are poisoned by the pharmaceutical industry.
I think that the problem is that we are not able to solve the problem.
We are not able to solve the problem.
I'm just saying that because if I were in Ukraine, I would say, often I could travel.
We have people west and visit New York and this and that.
I understand this desire, but actually that would not be the solution.
I think that in Ukraine, the problem is that we are not able to solve the problem.
We are not able to solve the problem.
I think that the problem is that we are not able to solve the problem.
Okay, so maybe we see each other at the public program tomorrow.
I don't know.
Is there any space?